Some brainstorming...

One obvious thing that's still missing is the murder weapon and adding
the hair clue to it instead of the body makes more sense. HAIR found
on body could also belong to whoever found the body or anyone getting
close to it afterwards, as well as to the victim's spouse or anyone he
spent some time with that evening. Taking that into account, it's
probably best if the HAIR clue is actually found on an item that was
directly handled by the murderer, e.g. the WEAPON.

This does leave us with the question of what examining the BODY can
tell us: the type of murder, certainly, and thus allow the player to
ignore items that don't match the method of killing. Also, from the
body's position, whether the victim saw their murderer or whether they
were killed from behind, which would indicate whether there might have
been an argument beforehand and whether they had time to scream. The
amount of blood supplies us with the likelihood of the murderer having
got some of it on their clothes, in which case they will either have
to clean it off themselves, try to smuggle the bloody clothing into
the laundry, or hide it away. Either way, a change of clothing will
have been in order. Anything else?

Potential WEAPONS (and their original locations):
- paperweight, letter opener (study, business room)
- billiard queue (billiard room)
- iron, scissors (laundry)
- pan, knife (kitchen)
- shovel, hammer (tool shed)
- ...

If the murder happened on the spur of the moment, the weapon is either
an object was carrying around at the time (in which case, it will tell
us something about the murderer) or an item that was just lying
around. A planned murder, on the other hand, is more likely to have
been committed with a weapon specifically acquired for that purpose.
Either way, I'd expect the murderer to try disposing of the weapon
(though this might mean putting it back where he found it).

When I was talking this over with David a few weeks ago, he suggested
an elaborate dialogue tree with the QUESTIONS you choose to ask
affecting the suspect and thus the game. (He did say that if any
action happens to make the game unwinnable, it should become so
immediately, e.g. by the detective being murdered, the murderer being
found by somebody else, or time being up). At the moment, I've got
trouble thinking of any questions that would directly affect the game.
I guess you could antagonize the witness, resulting in them refusing
to cooperate, or conversely, it might take effort to make them open up
and give you the true account of what happened. I said this before,
but if there is a short list of questions that get asked every time,
this just increases the time needed for the interrogation (so it takes
5 turns rather than 1). For flavour reasons, it might still be
interesting to let the player pick those questions from a menu rather
than get the entire account at a single keypress. IMHO, the best
solution is to handle the most pressing question (the alibi)
automatically and allow the player the choice of whether they want to
ask any of the other questions, something that might be more important
later on when you've already eliminated some of the manor's
inhabitants from the list of suspects.

I've compiled a sizable list of questions an investigator might ask in
a murder case, but most of them hinge on a more elaborate murder
scheme than we currently have. (Who last saw the victim alive, and
when? What impression did each of the witnesses get of the other
suspects before and after the murder? What exactly was the motive? Who
else might benefit from the death? Which of the suspects would have
been physically capable of committing a murder of this type? What are
the suspects' dirty little secrets?)

I am currently considering using the suspects' travel behaviour to
*simulate* the murder, though I've no idea how feasible that would be,
let alone how to gather the information from this simulation to make
the murder case subsequently solvable by the player.

Also, the ALIBIS are awfully straightforward right now. There are a
couple of ways to shake them up a bit:
1. outright lies:
- Suspects could pretend to have been alone to cover e.g. an affair.
- Suspects could cover for one another, including (unknowingly) the murderer.
- In that case, the player needs to be able to find contradictory
evidence, so they can confront the suspect and get the real
testimonial.

2. unreliable witnesses.
- A suspect might have been asleep at the time, and could still be
referenced by someone else as a witness. Since they can't contradict
the statement, the player'll have to treat the other suspect as having
no witnesses, and the sleeping witness as cleared of suspicion (they
_do_ have a witness).
- At deeper questioning, it might turn out that a witness actually
cannot say for certain that another person was with them the entire
time.
- Death happened delayed (poison) or wasn't noticed for some time.
- Someone unfamiliar with the victim (one of the guests, maybe) might
have thought they briefly saw them or heard their voice, only to have
it later turn out that they confused them with someone else and that
the victim was already dead at the time. This holds double if the
victim has a twin of the same gender.
- The murderer might purposefully have arranged for everyone believing
the victim to be asleep or have gone out, delaying discovery of the
death and thus widening the possible window of opportunity.

<...>

Oh, but a question came up while I was planning the thing: should
murderrl use some kind of visibility scheme? Currently, you can see
all suspects in all rooms that fit the current section of the screen,
which is obviously really useful for debugging, but equally obviously
not realistic at all. Restricting visibility to a single room would an
obvious change (outside of debug mode, of course), but what if you're
standing in a doorway? I think it'd be okay if you'd still see the
entirety of the room, but the corridors tend to be rather long, so I
guess it'd make sense to have some kind of maximum visibility range,
on the grounds that the corridors are less well-lit than the rooms.
Okay, so that covers rooms and corridors. Now what about corridor
cross sections. As you near the end of one corridor, you should be
able to view part of the adjoining corridors. Windows would be even
more complicated but as we don't have a garden yet, it's not an issue
right now.
