Interrogation questions
-----------------------

Owners
------
Who handles the interviews for new employees?
Why did you invite X to this soirée?

Family
------
Was there any rivalry between you and your <sibling>?
Did your children get along well?
How did X react when he learned of your (planned) marriage?
Now that X is dead, who will take over the company?
Did X often visit the <room> at night?
Did you ever suspect your husband of faithlessness?
Do you happen to know who your brother consulted in financial matters?
Who did X confide in?
How do you deal with X's gambling habit?

Guests
------
Have you visited here before?
How long have you known X?
In the time you've been here, did you notice any sort of conflict between X and Y?
What was your impression of the X's marriage?
What was your impression of X when you arrived here yesterday?

Servants
--------
How long have you been working here?
When did you notice that the butchering knife was missing?
Where do you keep the keys to the <room>?
Who's in charge of the book keeping here?
What prompted your recent payrise?

General
-------
When did you last see X alive?
Were you the one to find the body? If no, who did?
When you arrived at the scene of murder, did you notice anything odd about any of the persons already there?
What did you do when you heard the scream?
How did you learn of the murder?
Did you see or hear anything odd at the alleged time of death?
Does X have a penchance for violence?
Who, in your opinion, is the most likely suspect?
Did X have any unusual habits or opinions?
Is there anyone who could profit from X's death?
Did X have any enemies?
Can you think of anything that might make someone wish to kill X?
Could you please describe your relationship to X?
Did X ever hint at monetary problems?

Digging questions
-----------------
Did you also partake of the drinks?
Just how good of a shot are you?
Do you think you could, in theory, stab a grown person to death?
If you were so close to the scene of crime, how come you didn't hear anything?
What exactly were you doing in <room> at <late hour>?
What are you going to do with the sum X left you?
How comes X left you so much more than anyone else?
When did you get these scratches?
Could you show me what you were wearing yesterday evening?
