Have you ever heard of Sleuth? I hadn't until a search for "mystery"in rgrd brought it up, and of course I had to check it out after that.It's an ancient DOS game with a similar premise to ours, so when I hada look at it, I did so with some misgivings. However, it turns out tobe sufficiently different that I needn't have worried.Here's a link: http://www.hotud.org/component/content/article/37-strategy/24968The game is a bit of a mixture between roguelike and text adventure.You move through the house with the arrow keys but all other commandsneed to be typed in. The house and characters are displayed on thescreen, but the features and items are only mentioned in the messages.There are two fixed house layouts, one of which is more of themiddleclass town house variety, the other something a bit more poshthan that. The setting is semi-modern USA.The biggest difference is that as your investigation continues (orjust time passes, not sure) the murderer is getting worried and willeventually start stalking you and may end up killing you.To win the game, the player has to solve three mini-puzzles:1.) Find the murderer   - question the characters (always six suspects) and compare their alibis2.) Find the murdering weapon   - first find the magnifying glass   - then examine objects until you find the weapon3.) Find the murder room   - The characters' behaviour hints at the murder room, where moreinvestigation may be necessary.   - I've left that deliberately vague, but it took me about 25 triesto "get" it. And that was after having skimmed through the descriptionfiles. :(The random placement of items can mean that you come across themagnifying glass too late to check out all items. Also, thecharacters' random movement (teleporting from one room to the next)means that actually encountering a person in the correct room isluck-dependent.What I loved: Without question, the alibi statements! Their diversityand range of moods are truly inspired. (See the attached text file.) Iabsolutely want to have something like that for our game, too!What I liked: The different actions of characters depending on thecurrent room are intriguing, but could be taken further. Some of theactions ("watching you from under the bed"?) are plain ridiculous.Also, I really liked the assembly mechanic. Once you've found themurderer and murdering weapon, you've got to move to the murderingroom, assemble the group of suspects and publicly accuse the murderer.Once you type the command, the assembly happens instantly, i.e. allsuspects instantly appear in the room. (Flavourwise, I guess time haspassed, but the instant reaction is a nice touch.)You cannot assemble the suspects until you've found the murdering weapon.The room descriptions were short and interesting (at least the firstfew times, things got old after that) as was the variety of available"blunt instruments". I particularly liked the simple but effectivedescriptions when wandering the hallways. One part of the corridorheld pictures, another one was draped in silk screen, etc. Justsomething small, but it really enhances the feel of the house.What I disliked: The interface. The characters sometimes ignoring yourquestions only means that you have to type the command again, so itmight as well happen right away. It's just annoying otherwise. Thegame suffers from having no in-game memory of what people said orwhere you've seen the weapon, so you have to take notes, which iscumbersome and takes you out of the game. Also, if I typed too quicklythere was no way to reread the previous statement or room description,so I have to ask again, or move around just to get the descriptionagain. Again, small things that detract from the experience.The secret passage is a nice touch, but the blind walking around whiletrying to get out again felt incredibly disconcertening. Also,movement inside the passage was a bit buggy.It didn't bother me too much that the layout and characters werealways similar, though the former is pretty much a requirement ifyou've got a time limit (makes it *much* easier to remember thelocation of items and rooms) and the characters always having the samenames can cause confusion if you play several games in a row and don'ttake notes. I did notice that once I'd worked out an optimal path totake through the various rooms, there was little reason to deviatefrom that routine, which was good for the finger memory but also quiterepetitive. If I hadn't been so busy looking for clues it would havebeen quite boring.In any case, other than Sleuth, MurderRL is going to emphasise thereality/simulation aspect. And of course Sleuth's graphics are rathersucky, though I guess for DOS they're unusually good. Anyway,exploring the manor should be visually appealing, and our interfacewill be so much better. That said, I am wondering whether having cluesbe tracked automatically will feel cheap to the player. It wascertainly something I missed in Sleuth, but once I started takingnotes (you generally didn't need a lot of them) it just stoppedbothering me.I think that requiring the player to both talk to suspects and dosomething else is a sound idea. The variation in tasks to do is whatmakes the game fun, so scouring the area for various clues (and theweapon?) is going to be quite important.