> Even if we have something in pseudo-prose, such as a plot summary, we> might have a better idea of how things are supposed to go together. We> might not be able to make each "discovery" of a clue interesting, but> we might be able to make the interface interesting and easy enough> that discovering clues is not "boring".Actually, it's possible we've got a bit of a conflict there: Having afully automated interface might make discovering clues more, ratherthan less, boring. As an example, consider the interviews. Basically,the player will always ask the same questions: Where were you? Whatdid you do? Can anyone confirm this? Did you see/hear anything? Howwas your relationship to the victim? Do you have any suspicion aboutwho might be the murderer?Well, if it's always the same questions, we might just as wellautomate it and get all answers automatically the first time you talkto a suspect, and there might be a second round later when you'vefound some more clues. The tedious part becomes walking around themanor, trying to track down the suspects you haven't talked to, yet,something that's hard to automate unless you summon the suspects toyou, in which case you might as well get an "get all alibis" command.On the other side of the spectrum, this could become more interestingif we actually allow the player some control over the dialogue bygiving him a set of questions to ask. He'll still always be asking thefull set, and the order doesn't really matter, but it'll feel moreinvolved. In any case, the suspects should automatically introducethemselves the first time you talk to them, so their information canbe automatically matched to the right person.> Yes. I think we really need to have the murder weapon hidden somehow.> Thus, part of the game involves the search for the murder weapon; this> might be a bit tedious, but again, interface improvements could make> it enjoyable.Again, if we automate everything, the gameplay suffers. Of course, ifsearching features requires walking over each and every square, that'dbe a reason to quit the game, but that's not what I'm talking about.We've already agreed to highlight features that haven't been searchedyet, but the player still has to walk onto them (and maybe performsome action). Fully automated, we could add a "search room" commandwhere the player automatically moves to any highlighted features andchecks them for clues. Fun? I don't know. Maybe it wouldn't be sobad...